Add optional param example (#858)
edgedb/edgedb-js: docs/queries.rst

  **/*.edgeql.ts
  dbschema/queries.*

Writing Queries with Parameters

> ----------------

Author: Oh good to know. I had a different title at once point and then I forgot to update the underline.

To inject external values into your EdgeQL queries, you can use :ref:`parameters <ref_eql_params>`. 

When using the queries generator, you may be tempted to declare the same parameter in multiple places. 
However, it's better practice to declare it once by assigning it to a variable in a :ref:`with block <ref_eql_with_params>`
and reference that variable in the rest of your query. This way you avoid mismatched types in your declarations, 

> such as forgetting to mark them all as :ref:`optional<ref_eql_optional_params>`.

Reviewer: Relative linking like this will work until https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb/issues/6803 is fixed.

```suggestion
such as forgetting to mark them all as `optional </docs/edgeql/parameters#optional-parameters>`__.
```
